---
layout: post
title:  "We are only Human"
date:   2023-07-14 04:23:44 -0500
categories: personal essay
---

It can be hard to do somethings. We see all of the hustle porn on the twitter, facebook, linked-in.  I have never thought of myself as a good writer.  I write code, talk to clients, but never thought that my words could do anything for the world.  I am now understanding that this is my achilies heal.  

You need to tell people abou that work.  You need to get out and tell your customers about your cool new project. Get out and tell your boss about how you have saved the company money with a new tool.  I felt this was marketing and that felt icy to me.  If you watch Mad Men you can see all the old white men sitting around spinning bad press into something that someone wants to know.  This is not what your marketing is.  Your marketing is the same as you telling your best friend about a cool book or movie you watched.  It is a recommendation.  Yes you made the product but that is okay.  Get some social proof from your users about how much better it made your life.

Going back to the hustle porn above.  What do you think they are promoting?  If you click though you might find they are trying to sell get rich quick schemes or maybe a course on how to buy real estate.  Maybe that really fit gym instagram post is to show the products they use.

when you are consuming your twitter or instagram feed that is direct access to your consious.  This gives companies ease of use to the get you to purchase their stuff.

Take some time and look at what you see on your feeds,  some might be good others might be promoted.  It is amazing to see how much is currated  by the author.  They don't want you to see them when they have fallen off the wagon and ate an entire tub of ice cream.  They will show you them getting up in the morning and going to work or the gym.  Everyone just wants to show themselves and their companies in the best light.  Don't fault them for not being 'real' it is normal to curate your life.  Do you tell your friends everything you do? Or your parents?

I have been putting off writing because it felt in authenic, I didn't know what I was saying but you know what.  I might be wrong and that is okay.  You my readers will let me know and I can become a more knowleable person because of it.